how what is going on boys n girls bottom
is orb and welcome to my highest scoring
game in black ops 2 2 dates which is yes
you're probably tell by the title a
vulva a hundred and thirty nine kills so
I believe a measly five deaths so it is
a really really good high scoring game
for me and it's just one of those
lobbies guys where the opponent's suck
ass and you know I'm just there man and
joined the scenery and enjoying the view
checking out the sights and I have a
weapon in my hand and they're they're
showing their face and I shoot them in
the face so it's a good time and it's a
good time it's one of those games that
don't really happen a lot but when you
run into one of these new blobbies you
can use wreak havoc and with these skill
based matchmaking it's hard to find
these lobbies but somehow for some odd
reason got into the this game with yeah
these noobs don't know exactly what rank
they are prestige if they're any
prestige whatsoever I don't think so cuz
they were not you know really really
good so but hey you don't need to be
good to get prestigious or anything it's
just something I kind of look at when I
do it in lobby if they're if they have
prestige that I know that or yeah oh
yeah they have some experience with the
game doesn't you know necessarily mean
that they're really good at the game but
it means that you know they know stuff
they know which weapons are good they
know you know they know more stuff than
the people that are you know level 20 of
with no prestigious so that's kind of
what I look at when i joined the lobby
and kind of make conclusions which are
you know ninety percent wrong because
sometimes people can be really low level
and still be really good and people with
that a really high level top of stage
can be god-awful so obviously you know
being 23 or whatever prestige doesn't
really make you good bet essel said
something I look at when I join in lobby
but yeah for you guys wondering about
this setup that are running in this game
I'm running the mp7 with the laser fast
mag and the third attachment is probably
long barrel that's probably what I'm
thinking I'm not quite sure running with
a knife right now and I go on a sick
knife streak right now I don't know if I
have actually gotten many knife kills up
until this point but I go pretty ham
with a knife don't have any bullets in
and then gone so I have to resort to my
knife but I think end up
having a pretty good time because I
killed a lot of whom look at this by the
way uh got my dogs and everything it is
quite fantastic running the lodestar the
VTOL and the dogs of course as you can
see in your bottom right there and I
believe the final that the final total
the final screen the total of all my
load starts everything I believe I get
three load starts I die on my first
streak toward celosa really close to the
first load so I die on it but the or the
second one whatever them in whatever
order i do feel one lodestar on a big
streak but I get three loads ours three
gunships and I believe three sets a dog
so it's a lot of score whoring with my
score streaks going on and this has to
be you know one of the most you know
egotistical score streaks of all time
running the lodestar the gunship and the
the dog so just please help me out more
with getting kills it's a really really
really really kill horse set up pretty
much and yeah i believe i'm playing with
rich and some other teamspeak friends I
don't know if actually which left prior
to this game or not I'm trying to check
check the kill fee to see if I actually
see him pop off cuz ya rich AKA item
bought black ops 2 on pc which is yeah
he's actually this game make McCarthy he
actually bought black ops 2 on PC and we
ended up playing some medicine play some
games yesterday and had a really really
fun time like that lad is top-notch man
I love him a lot and even though he's
mainly console and I was gonna say that
I despise call some people but like
don't I just like to joke about it he
plays on calling sold for the most part
trying to I don't think he's trying to
make a switch to pc but I'm glad that he
bought it on PC anyways but this is a
good dude I enjoy playing with him and
hopefully you'll see some videos from
both of us on on my channel and his
channel and you know both both channels
but yeah that this could have been one
of those games that could have gone to
you know 160 kills 170 kills but because
you have to consider a few things first
off lost my first lodestar which if you
get a lodestar off you should get
somewhere in between 15 to 20 kills
depending on the map and stuff like that
but 15 to 20 kills is not impossible
with a lodestar
in the air of course this map is not
really made for lodestar but since it is
demolition the sponsor at a bit open so
easy to get walking into the spawn you
can rack up kills that way so that could
have been 50 to 20 kills if not more and
also something that happened was that a
lot of people left during the game time
I mean I've obviously caught up the
gameplay here cuz a total time it's like
you know 11 minutes long and it's now
actually you know around 60 minutes so I
cut up the game play a lot did you save
time and effort but you know a lot of
people left the game and that kind of
sucks i've talked about this before rage
quitting in black ops 2 is a huge
problem I don't know why it is such a
problem black ops 2 and knots in in in
the other call duties I don't see it as
much or as frequent as I do it now and I
mean it's quite a for trip and what can
you really do I mean if people want to
leave they obviously have the right to
leave I hear that they've been
implemented some sort of penalty like if
you leave X amount of games in an hour
or something you get you get booted from
online at least on calls I heard
something about it don't know if it
actually is true but it actually sucks
when people rage quit because that's I
said this could have been you know 170
points or something for the longest time
like this friends is 1 i'm up with the
gunship and got the Loadstar they only
have two people spawning in and even
though i have a gunship i know where
they're spawning it's still hard to rack
up you know getting two kills out of six
kills is a big difference but yeah guys
there we go 139 kills to most of what's
it five deaths or not actually missed
I'm gonna go back yeah 25 deaths with
one plant because objective play hooray
and also something i forgot to mention
this game could have gone to overtime as
well so that's another you know what two
minutes or three minutes on the clock so
def it could have been a lot higher but
it's still unhappy with 139 kills and
yeah hopefully you have enjoyed so rate
the video ask you please add a tooth
fairies if you really enjoyed it guys
and that it's gonna be everything guys
so have an incredible day and I will see
you tomorrow let you guys bye